let's go to Al jazer is hany Mahmud he
is live for us from canun inside the
Gaza Strip hany I believe there's been
been more bombing this morning near
where you are talk us through what's
been
happening yes Mel well uh another night
of mass bombardment across the Gaza
Strip deepening a sense of shattered
Safety and Security 34,000 of
Palestinians who took shelters in uh
places uh they thought they were going
to save them unfortunately mainly
concentrated in the northern part of the
Gaza Strip namely the city of banun and
the western side of city of Bia to the
coastline and moving to Gaza City around
shifa Hospital creating uh more fire
builds and destroying more residential
building around that health facility the
largest in the Gaza Strip but the worst
of this was last night all the
residential building around alud
Hospital were destroyed we're talking
about uh more of more about 10
residential home very close to the uh
the alud hospital were completely
destroyed as Towers mainly residential
buildings and residential home within
the vicinity uh of the hospital earlier
yesterday the Israeli uh Army sent a
sharp War
to evacuate uh inside the hospital and
the hospital Administration to evacuate
immediately we're talking about 14,000
people in addition to patients those who
with lifethreatening conditions about
babies and and people who who lost their
Mobility are inside the hospital and
could not go anywhere and with damaged
infrastructure and roads it's hard to
evacuate that large number from the
hospital also most of these evacuates
have lost lost their homes in either the
northern part or Gaza City they have
nowhere to go literally no place to uh
to take as a shelter other than the
hospital but the ongoing threat of
hospitals just shatter whatever uh sense
of safety for these people uh left and
we're going to uh we're waiting to see
what's going to happen in the in the
coming hours unless there is an
intervention uh uh an international
intervention to prevent uh this from
happening to the uh the southern western
side of Gaza City another hospital was
uh was severely damaged the Turkish
hospital it's a specialized uh hospital
for for cancer and it was severely
damaged last night as a fire built was
created around its vicinity destroying
major parts of it uh and also destroying
infrastructure on roads leading to the
southern part the problem with these
fire belts they are cutting the Gaza
Strip and preventing people from moving
from North and Gaza City to the southern
part with roads not fit for cars to move
on it's hard to uh uh to ask these
people to evacuate from the hospital it
will take really long time to do this
such a difficult situation honey I
appreciate you reporting alzer's honey
Mahmud uh reporting there from kanun
inside the Gaza Strip